Xueyao, will you marry me?
I am willing to love you for the rest of my life
Don't let you suffer the slightest grievance
Wow, so romantic.
I thought I heard someone say
No one wants to marry a late-night snack
Excuse me.
I have a hundred wishes. A thousand wishes.
Zhang Xueyao, please quickly agree to his proposal
Then divorce the supper
So I can marry the supper.
Fang Jiayi
I think you're crazy about getting married.
This ring is for you.
Let you have fun first
Fang Jiayi, listen up
Current supper
Or my legal husband of Zhang Xueyao
Don't be shameless to be a mistress
Who is shameless
Dating another man behind her husband's back
Zhang Xueyao, Zhang Xueyao
You are really good enough.
I went out to eat with Liao Zhenwei
Just because he saved me that day
I don't mean anything else.
What if I told you
The person who really saved you was not Liao Zhenwei at all
It was supper.
How would you feel?
What!